# 【Beginner Class】

This class introduces the students to the wonderful world of Tai Chi and give them a taste of the health benefits of Tai Chi. 
It is well-suited for the middle-aged and senior citizens or anyone new to Tai Chi who wants to learn about how this low-impact 
but highly theraputic workout can improve their health and happiness. 

This class consists of eight one-hour sessions with a maximum class size of 25 students.

## Class Objectives

This class aims to train the body as a whole to improve its balance and flexibility through stretching of 
muscles, ligaments, and tendons and coordinated movement of upper and lower limbs. 
It helps maintain balance, prevent falls, improve agility. It also helps regulate breathing, relax mind,  and reduce stress. 

## Class Activities

### 1. Warm-up Exercises

These exercises are design to loosen up the body and calm down the mind at the same time through stretching and relaxation.

The following areas are the main focus of the warm-up exercises:

- The Upper limb (wrists, elbows, shoulders, etc.)
- The Trunk (spine, back, lowback, chest, addomen, etc.) 
- The Lower limb (hips, knees, and ankles, etc.)

### 2. Breathing Meditation

This breathing meditation is aspecial type of standing meditation. 
It incorporates the control and coordination of breathing and body movement. 
It helps strength the lower body, reduces stress, and cultivate mindfulness. 

### 3. Standing Meditation (Zhan Zhuang)

This standing meditatuon is a core component of Chen-style Tai Chi. The body appears motionless but internally it is full of 
motion with increased circulation of Qi and blood through cleansed meridian channels. This standing meditation also builds lower body strength for practicing Tai Chi.  

### 4. Silk-reeling Methods

Silk-reeling methods coordinate the upper limbs, the trunk, the lower limb to achieve whole-body movement: 
when one part moves, all parts move. Even though all we see is external movement, the focus of silk-reeling
is to feel and cultivat the internal Qi. 

- One-hand front reeling
- Two-hand front reeling
- One-hand side reeling
- Two-hand side reeling
- Two-hand diagonal reeling

### 5. Chen-style Six Forms in Four Directions

This is considered the most basic Chen-style Tai Chi forms. It contains only six forms and can be performed without interruption 
many times rotating around the East-South-West-North four directions. Beginers can start out by learning one form at a time 
and continue to add more forms. After all forms are learned, Students can perfrom the six forms together and repeat the routine 
as many times as they feel comfortable.

The six forms:

- Opening
- Buddha's Warrior Showing Strength
- Lazy but Ready
- Fortify the Fort
- Single Whip
- Closing 
